Add Blibli case study. (#5625)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/blibli/index.md

    <source src="https://storage.googleapis.com/web-dev-assets/blibli/responsive-comparison.webm" type="video/webm">
    <source src="https://storage.googleapis.com/web-dev-assets/blibli/responsive-comparison.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  </video>
  <figcaption class="w-figcaption">
    Comparison of loading times before and after streamlining.
  </figcaption>
</figure>

Blibli's PWA is installable, giving it an app-like look and feel. It is also
fast and reliable which was achieved using service worker caching and graceful
offline fallback.

<figure class="w-figure">
{% Img src="image/sQ51XsLqKMgSQMCZjIN0B7hlBO02/ONCtI6MryOS5wCLPd3Ep.jpeg", alt="The offline fallback", width="800", height="1778" %}
  <figcaption class="w-figcaption">
    The offline fallback.
  </figcaption>
</figure>

This comes as a delight for web users, a large proportion of whom use mid-tier
devices. Since Blibli's PWA is less than 1MB in size (that's a whopping 24 times
lighter than their Android app!), there is much less friction for users to
install it. It also makes it easier for Blibli to retain users while providing
them with a seamless app-like experience.

### Set performance budgets

> Blibli made performance budgeting as a performance standard within the tech
> development and management, where the standard was reviewed on a regular basis
> and to be set as the KPI of internal tech development, along with the guidance
> of top management to ensure the best platform for all of our users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blibli made performance budgeting a performance standard within the tech
development and management, where the standard was reviewed on a regular basis. 
It's set as the KPI of internal tech development, with the guidance
of top management to ensure the best platform for all of our users.
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this is better but this is a really big, and somewhat convoluted sentence.

## Overall business results

> +   3x reduction in page load times
> +   42% reduction in bounce rates
> +   8x Better mobile conversion rates in installed PWA compared to browser
>     mobile web
> +   2.5x more pages/sessions on installed PWA
> +   10x more revenue per user compared to the previous mobile website

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+   3x reduction in page load times.
+   42% reduction in bounce rates.
+   8x Better mobile conversion rates in installed PWA compared to browser
    mobile web.
+   2.5x more pages/sessions on installed PWA.
+   10x more revenue per user compared to the previous mobile website.
```
